AAP-2514 Created chapter documenting SSO configuration steps. (#418)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/assemblies/platform/assembly-using-rhsso-operator-with-automation-hub.adoc

ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]

[id="using-rhsso-operator-with-automation-hub"]

:context: using-a-rhsso-operator

> = Using a Red Hat Single Sign On Operator with {HubName}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Using Red Hat Single Sign On Operator with {HubName}
```

Reviewer: I think all RH product naming should go into attributes rather than hard-coded. RHSSO might change to "Red Hat Build of Keycloak" or something else.

Reviewer 2: @oraNod @ianf77 
Is there an official name for SSO?
In the [Official product and solution names list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/2/d/1DLS_lS3VKidgZIvcLmLp9BoiqptkvqHWfe1D5FD2kfk/pubhtml?gid=1259317633&single=true), they mention "Red Hat's single sign-on (SSO) technology"

Reviewer: Right now the official name is "Red Hat single sign-on". I am aware that there are discussions to change the official name to "RH Build of Keycloak". I do think all RH product names need to go into an attribute, perhaps `{RHSSO}`.

> The _{PlatformName}_ (AAP) _{PrivateHubNameStart}_ (PAH) uses Red Hat Single Sign-On (RH-SSO) for authentication.

Reviewer 2: I think you could say 
{PrivateHubNameStart} uses Red Hat Single Sign-On...

> The _{PlatformName}_ (AAP) _{PrivateHubNameStart}_ (PAH) uses Red Hat Single Sign-On (RH-SSO) for external authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _{PlatformName}_ (AAP) _{PrivateHubNameStart}_ (PAH) uses Red Hat Single Sign-On (RH-SSO) for authentication.
```

Reviewer: Not sure what is meant by "external" authn. I guess you could say "user authentication" but just authentication seems sufficient.

The Red Hat Single Sign-On Operator automates Red Hat Single Sign-On administration in Openshift.

> Use this Operator to create custom resources, which automate administrative tasks.

Reviewer: I think there's some nuances missing here. Operators create and manage custom resources in order to automate administrative tasks. This wording makes it sound like the CRs automate administrative tasks but CRs are simply objects in k8s.

> When installing AAP on VMs the installer can automatically install and configure RH-SSO for use with PAH.

Reviewer: VMs = virtual machine. Spell out the first occurrence of an acronym even if it's commonly known. Same for PAH.

Also what is RH-SSO? That isn't a product name.

> RH-SSO integration has not been implemented when installing AAP on _{OCP}_ (OCP) using the AAP Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing AAP on _{OCP}_ (OCP) you must install Single Sign On separately.
```

Reviewer: "integration has not been implemented" = passive voice and wordy.

> This chapter describes the process to configure RH-SSO and integrate it with PAH when AAP is installed on {OCPShort}.

Reviewer 2: I'd like to see these 3 lines separated - perhaps in separate paragraphs, or maybe the 1st 2 lines could have bullet points.

> For more information on running operators on {OCPShort}, see Operators - Working with Operators in {OCPShort} in the {OCPShort} product documentation.

Reviewer 2: Would a link to the OCP doc be useful here?

ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]

[id="using-rhsso-operator-with-automation-hub"]

:context: using-a-rhsso-operator

= Using Red Hat Single Sign-On Operator with {HubName}

{PrivateHubNameStart} uses Red Hat Single Sign-On for authentication.

The Red Hat Single Sign-On Operator creates and manages resources.
Use this Operator to create custom resources to automate Red Hat Single Sign-On administration in Openshift.

* When installing {PlatformNameShort} on _Virtual Machines_ (VMs) the installer can automatically install and configure Red Hat Single Sign-On for use with {PrivateHubName}.

* When installing {PlatformNameShort} on {OCP} you must install Single Sign-On separately.

This chapter describes the process to configure Red Hat Single Sign-On and integrate it with {PrivateHubName} when {PlatformNameShort} is installed on {OCPShort}.

> For more information on running operators on {OCPShort}, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.10/html/operators/index[Working with Operators in {OCPShort}] in the {OCPShort} product documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on running operators on {OCPShort}, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/{OCPLatest}/html/operators/index[Working with Operators in {OCPShort}] in the {OCPShort} product documentation.
```

This chapter describes the process to configure Red Hat Single Sign-On and integrate it with {PrivateHubName} when {PlatformNameShort} is installed on {OCPShort}.

> For more information on running operators on {OCPShort}, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/{OCPLatest}/html/operators/index[Working with Operators in {OCPShort}] in the {OCPShort} product documentation.

Reviewer: Links like this should go into the "Additional resources" section rather than inline. Putting links in additional resources has the following benefits:

- Avoids getting users off track / topic
- "Trains" users to always look for related info at the bottom of the topic. Creates a predictable pattern across RH docs, which improves overall navigation.
- Reduces maintenance cost for writing teams. Centralizing links is great because it makes it easier to update them and reduces the likelihood that writers overlook freshning up urls when updating topics.
